Sixth lol ppp (#277)
itchysats/10101: docs/ppp/iteration-6-22112022.md

> ### Plans 📆

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Public Demo

We are pleased to invite everyone to a public demo on 23.11.2022 at 09:00am UTC. 
The demo will take place in [https://meet.jit.si/10101-demo](https://meet.jit.si/10101-demo). 

### Plans 📆
```

It's going to be a short iteration until Thursday and we are in the final steps polishing our solution. We plan the following tasks to hand-in a strong candidate to be selected for the final round.

- Publish a blog post about our innovation and value proposition
- Prepare the pitch presentation and video promoting our solution
- Record a demo video showing off CFD trading end to end
- Release version 0.2.0 as apk downloadable from our [github repository](https://github.com/itchysats/10101/releases)
- Last improvements on UI/UX and bug fixing
- Create lightning invoices to receive money
- Wiring up close (settle) CFD

### Progress ✅

We made big steps towards our 0.2.0 release, which will be a workable solution supporting CFD trading on lightning.

- Send Payments via lightning invoices
- Bug fixing and UX improvements
- Added some basic validations
- Added persistence on the phone
- Replacing mock data with real data

> - Show payment history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show payment history for on-chain and off-chain transactions
```

> - Added continuous deployment to our maker pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added continuous deployment to our testnet pipeline
```

### Public Demo 📽

We are pleased to invite everyone to a public demo on 23.11.2022 at 09:00am UTC. 
The demo will take place in [https://meet.jit.si/10101-demo](https://meet.jit.si/10101-demo). 
The demo will be recorded and shared afterwards.

### Plans 📆

> It's going to be a short iteration until Thursday and we are in the final steps polishing our solution. We plan the following tasks to hand-in a strong candidate to be selected for the final round.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's going to be a short iteration until Thursday and we are in the final steps polishing our solution. We have planned the following tasks to hand-in a strong candidate to be selected for the final round.
```

- Publish a blog post about our innovation and value proposition
- Prepare the pitch presentation and video promoting our solution
- Record a demo video showing off CFD trading end to end

> - Release version 0.2.0 as apk downloadable from our [github repository](https://github.com/itchysats/10101/releases)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Release version 0.2.0 as an APK downloadable from our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/itchysats/10101/releases)
```

- Last improvements on UI/UX and bug fixing

> - Create lightning invoices to receive money

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create Lightning invoices to receive money
```

> - Wiring up close (settle) CFD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Wiring up CFD settlement
```

### Progress ✅

> We made big steps towards our 0.2.0 release, which will be a workable solution supporting CFD trading on lightning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We made big steps towards our 0.2.0 release, which will be a working solution bringing CFD trading to Lightning.
```

> - Send Payments via lightning invoices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Send payments via Lightning invoices
```

- Bug fixing and UX improvements

> - Added some basic validations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added some basic user input validation
```
